feat: add setup bastion for hypershift (#147)
IBM/Ansible-OpenShift-Provisioning: docs/set-variables-group-vars.md

**rhcos_live_initrd** | CoreOS initramfs to be used for the bootstrap, control and compute nodes. | rhcos-4.12.3-s390x-live-initramfs.s390x.img
**rhcos_live_rootfs** | CoreOS rootfs to be used for the bootstrap, control and compute nodes. | rhcos-4.12.3-s390x-live-rootfs.s390x.img

## 16 - Hypershift ( Optional )
**Variable Name** | **Description** | **Example**
:--- | :--- | :---

> **hypershift.kvm_host** | IPv4 address of KVM host for hypershift <br /> ( kvm host where you want to run all oc commands and create VMs)| 192.168.10.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**hypershift.kvm_host** | IPv4 address of KVM host for hypershift <br /> (kvm host where you want to run all oc commands and create VMs)| 192.168.10.1
```

**hypershift.kvm_host_user** | User for KVM host | root
**hypershift.bastion_hypershift** | IPv4 address for bastion of Hosted Cluster | 192.168.10.1
**hypershift.bastion_hypershift_user** | User for bastion of Hosted Cluster | root

> **hypershift.create_bastion** | Mark it to 'true' if you want to create bastion with the provided IP (hypershift.bastion_hypershift) <br /> 'false' if bastion already there with that IP | 'true'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**hypershift.create_bastion** | True or False - create bastion with the provided IP (hypershift.bastion_hypershift) | True
```

**hypershift.networking_device** | The network interface card from Linux's perspective. <br /> Usually enc and then a number that comes from the dev_num of the network adapter. | enc1100
**hypershift.gateway** | IPv4 Address for gateway from where the kvm_host and bastion are reachable  <br /> This for adding ip route from kvm_host to bastion through gateway  | 192.168.10.1
**hypershift.branch_for_cli** | Git branch for latest release of hypershift | release-4.13
**hypershift.bastion_parms.interface** | Interface for bastion | enc1
**hypershift.bastion_parms.hostname** | Hostname for bastion | bastion

> **hypershift.bastion_parms.base_domain** | Basedomain for bastion | lnxero1.boe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**hypershift.bastion_parms.base_domain** | DNS base domain for the bastion. | ihost.com
```

Reviewer: Avoid using real examples.

**hypershift.bastion_parms.os_variant** | rhel os variant for creating bastion | 8.4
**hypershift.bastion_parms.nameserver** | Nameserver for creating bastion | 192.168.10.1

> **hypershift.bastion_parms.gate_way** | Gateway IP for creating bastion <br /> This is how it well be used ip=<ipv4 address>::<nameserver>:<subnet mask> | 192.168.10.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**hypershift.bastion_parms.gateway** | Gateway IP for creating bastion <br /> This is how it well be used ip=<ipv4 address>::<nameserver>:<subnet mask> | 192.168.10.1
```
All other gateway variables don't have the underscore. Let's keep it consistent. References to this variable will also need to be changed.

**hypershift.bastion_parms.subnet_mask** |  IPv4 address of subnetmask | 255.255.255.0
**hypershift.mgmt_cluster_nameserver** | IP Address of Nameserver of Management Cluster | 192.168.10.1
**hypershift.go_version** | Version of go you want to install on kvm_host <br /> ( It will replace existing go with this version ) | 1.19.5
**hypershift.oc_url** | URL for OC Client that you want to install on the host | https://...<br /> ..openshift-client-linux-4.13.0-ec.4.tar.gz

> **hypershift.hcp.CLUSTERS_NAMESPACE** | Namespace for Creating Hosted Control Plane | clusters
> **hypershift.hcp.HOSTED_CLUSTER_NAME** | Name for the Hosted Cluster  | hosted0
> **hypershift.hcp.BASEDOMAIN** | Base domain for Hosted Cluster | example.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**hypershift.hcp.CLUSTERS_NAMESPACE** | Namespace for Creating Hosted Control Plane | clusters
**hypershift.hcp.HOSTED_CLUSTER_NAME** | Name for the Hosted Cluster  | hosted0
**hypershift.hcp.BASEDOMAIN** | Base domain for Hosted Cluster | example.com
```
Any reason why these and other variables are capitalized? If not, please lowercase them to remain consistent.

Author: Done

**hypershift.kvm_host_user** | User for KVM host | root
**hypershift.bastion_hypershift** | IPv4 address for bastion of Hosted Cluster | 192.168.10.1
**hypershift.bastion_hypershift_user** | User for bastion of Hosted Cluster | root
**hypershift.create_bastion** | True or False - create bastion with the provided IP (hypershift.bastion_hypershift) | True
**hypershift.networking_device** | The network interface card from Linux's perspective. <br /> Usually enc and then a number that comes from the dev_num of the network adapter. | enc1100
**hypershift.gateway** | IPv4 Address for gateway from where the kvm_host and bastion are reachable  <br /> This for adding ip route from kvm_host to bastion through gateway  | 192.168.10.1
**hypershift.branch_for_cli** | Git branch for latest release of hypershift | release-4.13
**hypershift.bastion_parms.interface** | Interface for bastion | enc1
**hypershift.bastion_parms.hostname** | Hostname for bastion | bastion
**hypershift.bastion_parms.base_domain** | DNS base domain for the bastion. | ihost.com

> **hypershift.bastion_parms.os_variant** | rhel os variant for creating bastion | 8.4

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**hypershift.bastion_parms.os_variant** | rhel os variant for creating bastion | 8.7
```

**hypershift.asc.OCP_VERSION** | OCP Version for AgentServiceConfig | 4.13.0-ec.4
**hypershift.asc.ISO_URL** | Give URL for ISO image | https://... <br /> ...s390x-live.s390x.iso
**hypershift.asc.ROOT_FS_URL** | Give URL for rootfs image | https://... <br /> ... live-rootfs.s390x.img

> **hypershift.asc.mce_namespace** | Namespace where your Multicluster Engine Operator is installed <br /> Recommended Namespace for MCE is 'multicluster-engine' <br /> Change this only if MCE is installed in other namespace | multicluster-engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**hypershift.asc.mce_namespace** | Namespace where your Multicluster Engine Operator is installed. <br /> Recommended Namespace for MCE is 'multicluster-engine'. <br /> Change this only if MCE is installed in other namespace. | multicluster-engine
```
